The Secretary of State, Senator Dean of Miami, the
DIA's executive, whether or not you talk about
Fourth Monkman, I don't know if you'll give up the
energy for, anyway.
That's quite a lot, sir.
Well, there's a lot more to it, so I'll ask him
to direct the mile of mine.
May I ask what is the Secretary of State
in the direction, then, so that the Secretary
knows to be sure whether it includes one segment
to another historic decision?
Where is the headquarter of the Army signal for us?
What's the Secretary?
Right here in Washington.
Fourth Monkman was under the jurisdiction of the Army signal for us.
That's right.
You are aware of what's in the fire?
That's telecommunications.
Does the headquarter of the mile not only think
for some top think that works?
I thought of you as a Fourth Monkman, but it is the
way you went about in advance, Mike.
But are you aware of the fact that telecommunications
does a great deal of classified work for the Army signal
for including top think that works?
Well, time of the fire.
I still say that mile marked, so the record will be
for here with direct support.
Monkman, what are you talking about?
I think you're now talking about something else.
Will you mind if we don't talk about the same thing?
We'll again, the chair will like to inquire
from his colleagues, their desires.
We pause ten seconds now for station identification.
WABC in New York, be sure to watch these hearings on WABC TV,
Channel 7 this afternoon.
Now back to the McCarthy Army hearings,
where Senator Monk, the Chairman of the Subcommittee,
has indicated a plus early recess.
Well, it's back to his, not only I suggest him,
but an actual proposal and a recess of the committee
in order that the members of the Subcommittee can attend
the draft of the General's Canada,
as the Association of Congress this afternoon.
Oh, Senator, Senator signings on November.
Was very, Senator, do you think we're going to be able to use
shorten these hearings by cutting down on the extent
of the cross examination?
I do not know.
Well, what do you think can be done at this point?
And after all of this discussion this morning about what should be done,
I agree with Senator McClellan.
That before long, the public will know who is buying the lack of hearings
and who is buying the expeditum.
I believe actually they already know.
All right, thank you very much, Senator signings.
All right, Senator March.
What are we going to do this afternoon?
We're going to make any progress?
I don't know.
What's going on in the Secretary Stevens' to the box?
How long much longer do you expect to be on the day?
Senator McClellan, you sent her in the question of the negotiations
yesterday that he's be impossible for him to make a prediction
until he found out the answer to his question.
He can't predict the ICANN.
Well, your procedure will be simply to go around each time.
The procedure will be followed without any further modifications.
Give him a lengthy, these 10-minute periods to cross exams.
All right.
I was Senator March.
I'm sorry to quote the acting chairman of this Senate subcommittee.
All of these people are moving out of the subcommittee room,
or the caucus room in the Senate office building very rapidly.
Going over to the Capitol building
and over to the all of the House of Representatives
and the South Wing of the Capitol,
the House Wing of the Capitol for this joint session
Congress, which is being held in order that the Governor General
look Canada, the Honorable, that's Matthew will speak to them.
The Governor General is a official visitor in Washington.
Today, I've lost these names this year.
Today visiting the President of the United States
has been making this speech to the joint session of Congress
to the House and Senate this afternoon.
I'm a call-in.
May I have been so?
May not have been so.
I just don't know.
Can you recall, sir?
Can you recall whether or not Aaron Paul has been confused?
I've bought one.
It's fight of proof that he has taken 43 left to find
including some secret documents,
run near a proper place in the laboratory,
and that on a rate of its own,
by security officials, small documents
that have been found in a bureau too.
As I told you, I cannot testify on every one of these 35 patients
of these days.
I'm under presidential restrictions in connection with it,
for one thing and on the other.
If you want to go into the 35 patients,
then I will ask counsel to give me the right
to put somebody on this band and can testify
out to the defect.
Mr. Secretary, may I say this to you, sir?
You were asked whether or not,
specifically, if there were any communist and court moments.
As I recall, your question was in your answer
within the legate.
The only reason the committee is permitting this line of interrogation
at this time is to just give Ms. Cole an opportunity
to prove in fact that there was a communist or work communist
at court moments during your regime as Secretary of the Army.
I want a state to Mr. Cole at this time
that the committee has no disposition in my opinion to hear in detail
the facts with reference to all of the alleged communists
if there were more than Mr. Coleman there
and I do suggest to counsel that he not go into too much detail
to be as stabbish as go to the point now
if possible whether or not Coleman was a communist
and then I trust we will pay for him to another enemy.
So if we want to establish whether there were commoners there,
should we not undertake to establish it under oath?
I don't know whether Coleman's a communist.
No one has one that is, he may be.
But the test is, is this witness no he's a communist?
If he doesn't, that ends it.
Unless you bring some proof here that he is a communist.
Senator McClillin, in my opinion, sir,
respectfully your objections go to the weight of the testimony
of the Secretary of the Army rather than the admissibility
of his testimony he's made though any may not know.
But counsel has arrived to a list of information
from him to determine whether he does.
He cannot seem if he knows and if he says he does.
And he can inquire about it if he doesn't know
then who is there here has said that he is a communist.
I understand that he's leading up to that right right at this time.
Senator McClillin, have you heard the point of work?
I'm not sure if you could call this point of order.
I want to correct the mistake of the May by a very competent
table.
Senator Mark and some of them are respectfully guilty.
And I know he didn't make the mistake of purposefully.
He made it only because he was not at the hearing.
He did not hear the testimony.
He made the statement that there was no sworn testimony
to Coleman.
Was it communist?
The sound carries him here around there.
That's the case.
I'd have said no testimony there to this committee.
To the president of the Ill-Maria's one testimony
that he is a communist.
Then I don't see how we, if we go into that here
to the American standards of justice, can call him a comment.
Mr. Chairman, we have said that there is one testimony
before this committee.
An open session.
This is the investigating committee from the investigating committee.
On December 8th, an open session.
As I have to recall, when the member of the young communist
league is surprised to come in this party,
his son, who was following him, had him there,
he would know that.
And not accusing him of anything wrong from being there,
just frightening him because he is glad that there was no
evidence before this committee.
This man was a member of the communist party.
There is sworn testimony that he was a member of the young
communist league, which is a branch of the communist party.
That information was transmitted to Mr. Adam Hoffman.
I inquire this English Senate that he has the witness
did not appear in person before your committee
and under all demands of charges.
Isn't that true?
The witness denied a hearing of the government
and the military was the communist party meeting
with Julian Stolzberg, that was sworn testimony
that he was a member of the young communist league.
Well, I know that's the cabinet.
He could put it in the office.
I know that's the cabinet that was seized with the issues
that have been before this committee.
I have the water waste time and it's all right.
But I know when we are sticking to the issues
that are here before this committee to be resolved.
And we're getting pretty far off these.
We are in Lamellus, chairman.
So I can't be too much impressed by the country's plan
to be convicted of issues for getting far off these.
I didn't hear the very evil sentence Mark and Saul.
Our deal makes officials the other day.
We're talking about day and time, boom.
And we spent two days on a picture.
We're in a very important position now.
The issue of wonder enough.
The secretary of the Army knew that there were communists
at Fort Monmouth when he stated to this committee
under all that there were not.
And why would he give the category of those who were suspended?
He omitted stating that one of the categories
included young men who stole six of the straight-up laboratory,
men who had been named as members of the communist party
as part of the Rosenberg Fire Registration.
Mr. Chairman, this is the very last to Saul's investigation.
Now we can argue for two days,
but whether or not they're showing more to the city,
whether or not he gave a stake in New York,
I think we can spend 10 minutes,
10 minutes of the ceremony,
on this question of communist infiltration
in an old important,
then old teachers re-arred to this country.
Mr. Chairman, I think that the thing we sent
is that the Senator from Mark and Saul
did not question Mr. John regarding the state that he has made.
Once those things were visited as I recall
from the Senator's side at the table.
We know it has been really that he may continue
to question the Secretary about his knowledge,
the health and health care.
Mr. Chairman, please.
Senator McCoyley has just made quite a claim
that I'd like to be sure to benefit
of the committee on all who are listening and interested
as to just what the record shows.
I testify this morning with respect
to the very thing that has now been talked about two weeks.
The very far-ass-assumption now is what month
and I'd like to specifically ask the chair
to have read now the record of what my testimony was
to see how it coincides
with the statement of the Senator McCoyley at just now.
Mr. Chairman, may they chair his fire
whether or not the testimony of this morning
is available so that you can meet Mr. Chairman.
I think it's an enormous request.
The Secretary has made just the question of this morning
and he has to be repeated.
And he seems to be some dollar in his mind
as to whether or not he has dealt with the issues
that have to be discussed.
Mr. Chairman, we'll ask this to be clear
to you as we speak to the questions and the efforts
of the Chairman's first meeting.
Mr. Chairman, I think to re-read
the Secretary's long invasive answers
would be the measure through in human species
and from the committee.
Secretary, if you must, the question be read
and the answer be read and the answer is
if you've been further ahead, isn't it?
I mean, the layman effort just not far from ours.
Yes.
The first round.
Okay.
That's got to read it yourself.
16, 19, 16, 26.
Right.
The Secretary prepares to have some
just on the hand, finding it is no such portion
of the morning testimony.
Secretary Steven has asked to read that.
Wow.
The Secretary's looking at the driver's looking through his note.
The commander's lighting up his cigar
and the Secretary of McCarthy has written from his seat
and walked over about 10 feet
to confirm with some of the advisers and friends
who have been grouped behind his station.
So we say the McCarthy station at the end
of the committee table.
So is this part?
Well, the Synagogue first searches through
is then a type of notes looking for the answer
which Secretary Steven's gave a response to a question
by the Secretary of McCarthy's during the morning session
of this hearing.
There are several households who are going on
around the committee table among attorneys and senators
and Secretary Steven's is looking
up the shoulder of one of his attorneys trying
to find a reference which is also being sought
by the Stenocoper and he's all known.
There's always a difference between around people
getting up, giving themselves sort of a seventh
and a stretch at this interruption in the proceedings.
We have this frequently where the chairman
upon motion of one of the other of the opposing counsel orders
the Stenocoper to go back and we can go very often
we aren't able to hear them clearly
because there is no microphone in front of
the snout for an unless someone as they were thought
to reach over and push one in front of them
and we do not hear the re-reading of the questions
from the notes now, Senator McCarty has moved
down the committee table and is talking
with Senator John El McCallum with whom we had
what you might call a bit of a legal price
just to do moments ago.
You have all the listening to these hearings
might be interested in you.
I'm sorry, Senator.
Senator Gordon, the chair is going to ask
to announce the benefit of the press
as a solely of the man's name who's been questioning
is Aaron Coleman, his AARLM Coleman,
COLE E.
Are you ready, Mr. Secretary?
Yes, sir.
You may be.
He has requested and the answer to them
if you wanted to have red energy.
Mr. Jenkins, you shall ask the occasion of the meeting.
1632.
Mr. Jenkins, do I understand Mr. Stevens
that you have stated that none of these
of those 35 suspensions were the communist
of Secretary Stevens?
So far as I now know, that is the fact,
Mr. Jenkins, your statement, Secretary Stevens
and none of them led to Fifth Amendment that I know of.
Mr. Jenkins, I am not asking about the Fifth Amendment.
Your statement is that none of them
was or is the communist as far as you know.
Secretary Stevens, that is right.
Of course, the investigations are going on
on these people as you know, Mr. Jenkins.
We don't yet know the outcome of all of them.
That's the chairman of the director.
Senator, Senator, I'm quoting a proceed.
Thank you, Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Secretary, I believe my left question was this, sir.
Is it a fact that Aaron Coleman
during the first six months of your administration
continued his fourth month in fight-hobbs
the existence of record show that he had previously
taken from the radar laboratory for some 43 doctors,
some of them secrets, and as those documents had been seen,
when security officers raided his home.
You know that, do you not?
I've said this before that I cannot testify on all the details
of every one of these cases.
If you remember this one particular item,
because the answer to the question is that Mr. Coleman
was continues on a restricted non-classified job
for nearly a year.
But, sir, may I remember, it's a legend before the time
has come about.
But the specific question now is whether or not you knew
or not not with you, but whether or not this man,
Aaron Coleman, has taken from the plan
where he was working 45 classified documents to his home.
And as they were discovered in a funeral draw,
he said, is that a bag or is it not a bag?
Just getting a bag of attention.
It is a bag, I believe, although...
And I think that must qualify...
Yes, he tried to do his rejected side spating,
but there's a lot of information in connection with that case,
and in connection with the thing that you just cited
that I think should be brought before this committee
if you want to go into all that detail.
And I don't feel confident about that,
but I know all about it.
And very well now, the direct question is the mask.
If the direct answer is given, then it's not a matter of time.
It's not valid.
It's a long-term valid experience.
Oh, well, the AI.
Face.
Chair.
Chair passes.
Senator McClellan?
Yes.
Senator, is it to the right?
I've done it to the left.
Uh, what question?
I'm like that.
Senator Jackson, look, does he believe in it?
No, no, quite.
I'm not sure.
I'm just having any questions.
Mr. Secretary, how long have you been in the Army?
I've been, how long have I been in the Army?
A secretary of the Army since February 4, 1953.
How many people were in the Army or command?
Approximately, uh, two minutes.
That's all, Mr. Chairman.
Any other?
Senator, Mr. Wells?
Uh, Mr. Cohen or Senator McCarthy?
Mr. Cohen or Senator McClellan?
Uh, Mr. Steven, we now have a plan in advance that he told us it is a fact that Coleman was
continued on despite evidence that he had taken the 43 documents who is from LaRéa
a laboratory through his home.
I'm not satisfied with respect to the document.
I'll get to somebody who will testify on that if you want.
I just think that he'll be competent.
He'll be on his job on a unpaid respected non-monetified job.
From January or February until September, the latter part when he was suspended.
Yes, sir.
And I think the case is now under review.
And I think we haven't that he continued amendments to September 28th.
And that he has taken these documents to his home and that brings me to my next question.
You know the United States Secretary that disdainment, investigate again, and investigation
of the Coleman case.
The after-same, how, infuels the proof of his association with Roland Berg in the young
communists lead, and the fact that he had taken these secret documents from the laboratory,
he could have been allowed to continue at full funds until after the committee began his
investigation.
You know that, the United States Secretary.
I don't get no investigation.
Uh, I don't know that Mr. Cohen is a comment.
It takes a still under investigation.
Mr. Cohen, if I were in the question, sir, that wasn't the question.
The question was, do you know that this committee, the McKinley-Cohm-Carrie committee,
was investigating and did investigate as to why Coleman was permitted to stay all the
history of taking these documents to his home?
I know that investigation, Mr. Coleman.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Steeving.
Is it not a fact that your law attempted to impede the investigation of all responsible
for the continuation of Coleman in the fact that the evidence left to be taken?
Certainly not as far as I know.
Mr. Steeving, I'd like to call your attention to the fact that I called for a moment on the
phone, on October 2nd when you were in my office.
Yes, sir.
And because you said that you were having difficulty there and I called General Rodden and
it's something him to give the committee the very full-etgeful operation.
That is what reference it's going to, employee working at what line.
Did you in that same conversation, General Rodden, there were certain things which he should
not disclose to the committee?
I don't recall, I know that I wanted full-etgeful operation.
I talked to my wife while you were there and within the limit of presidential direct views,
I wanted them to go to them.
My question was, sir, if I didn't make it clear, did you in that same phone conversation,
General Rodden, there were things which you did not want to disclose to the committee?
I might possibly have mentioned files.
Yes, sir.
I might possibly have mentioned files with, sir.
Now, on the very end, anything besides file entry calls that were calling, I think.
Now, Mr. Secretary, do you recall a discommittee on this fall and its all-important case?
And you to produce, you and Mr. Adams to produce, the personnel file of Aaron Coleman,
before the committee, that is a file which is not covered by any presidential directive or anything else.
I personally don't recall that request.
Mr. D very likely, Mr. Adams was, but I don't.
Now, Mr. Secretary, do you not recall that when that file was applied,
your office represented that it was a true and complete file,
that we examined it, and we had no recollection of it at all.
I'm going to try to refresh it, sir. I'm going to try to show all of this to the place right in your presence.
Mr. Secretary, do you not recall that that file was printed, that there was a representation to us,
that there was a true, complete and full file, but that the fact was that it has been stripped from the file,
all evidently showing that Coleman has taken eight feet with doctrine from the laboratory to at all.
I have no discretion recollection, and if the many files we have to operate within the limits of the presidential directive,
which, oh, evidently, it is closure outside of the executive department of information relating to
the loyalty to the past president perspective employee.
Mr. Secretary, I am not talking about the loyalty file.
I am talking about Coleman's personnel file concerning which the presidential directive has been
completely in favorable.
I will not ask you, sir, is it not a fact that when that personnel file was submitted to this committee,
it has been stripped of all relevant information showing that Coleman,
the Associate of Justice Rosenberg, has taken eight feet with doctrine from the Ray R Laboratory.
I have no recollection of that, whatever.
Mr. Secretary, this is not a part in the presence of Senator McCaw.
State can you, on the morning of October 14, 1953, that you are off in this crucial case,
I have given us a script file when it has represented it has given us a true and complete ILO recollection of any such thing.
Mr. Secretary, may I hand you, by the six of the executive session testimony of this testimony,
and direct your attention to the lively indicating that you are present and the page 642 indicating
remark may be about the stripping of this call in file and medication.
Mr. Secretary, do you want to keep this first?
Not tall.
I have assuming, of course, there is a proper basis for your question, Mr. Colton.
I represent you, there is a proper basis.
Here is a known what it is.
Mr. Steeman, did you look at State 642's there? I hope it will be pressure recollect.
I still contend that with the two-minute people, with the timer responsible for it,
I can't go everything about every file.
And both are specified that on these 35 cases, which include Mr. Coleman,
and that the present time, so far as I know, he has not a time in his but he can take his under investigation
along with the three-four others.
And he may develop that he is, but we have to use the good old American,
new market of fair play to find out whether or not that's so.
And I do not know at the present time.
Mr. Coleman, is it common?
Mr. Luis, we're Mr. Steeman.
We have three-half-sack and fair-sack.
The matter here with you this time, and they're able us to get along.
The question is now not directed as to whether or not Coleman was a communist.
I think we've all been to that question.
It's early on enough, as much as I intended, for me if I have anything to do with it.
The question now is this.
Mr. Coleman asked you whether or not you were at the hospital for the personnel foul of David Coleman,
to whom the McCarthy Committee seems to attach considerable importance.
Your answer was that you, as I recall,
did you bid for an ashamed with a personnel foul on Coleman?
No, sir, I didn't say that.
You will think you are not.
I'd have no recollection of it.
I'll be the only one to ask the first.
I don't think so.
I remember never having in front of the personnel foul.
That would not be my function, Mr. Jackson.
Do you recall I were having a conversation?
This doesn't come out of your time, Mr. Coleman.
Do you recall I was having a conversation with Mr. Coleman?
I don't remember any member of the committee with respect to this man, Aaron Coleman.
I remember I was present when Coleman, I think I was present during Part of Coleman's testimony.
When the hearing, were you present at any executive or open hearing when Coleman's case was investigated together with Crowley to be?
That was an executive meeting, as I remember it in New York.
Do you recall me?
You do not recall me as for the personnel foul on Coleman's.
I'd all be called in as for it, then his next question was whether or not you represented the embedded personnel foul on Coleman was a complete foul.
And as I remember you say it, you have no recollection of that, correct?
His next question was whether or not in fact that foul has been strict.
And the information regarding Coleman's having taken certain documents.
Two years home have been taken from the foul and your answer to that is that you did not remember.
Is that right? I don't know.
You did not remember that, Mr. Chairman, I think that's the biggest inexperience issue of the term.
Well, the other member of the term, we have been in the middle of the repression of the regulation.
And some of these other people have been wanting to repress the regulation.
I think, Bob, you'd love them before you start talking with me.
Secretary May, he's down with the document.
You'll find the order?
I have one order, they need to meet the foul, they need to meet the rules, they need to get as well as the cold deferred to the public health provisions and chairman fouls.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, I'm very sorry to have to say daily.
That would be better as I have been used in arms, you and I have been arms for.
And tell us a little direct secretary, I think he may read it.
If you may, but I'll follow like you know, that's just my belief again on the bottom of page 642.
It's a statement by me as read through the secretary.